A vegetarian pizza is a tasteful pizza.
An american hot pizza is a type of american pizza that has Jalapeno peppers on it.
An interesting pizza is a pizza that has at least 3 toppings.
An american pizza is a pizza which has toppings of pepperoni, mozzarella and tomato.
A real italian pizza is a type of pizza which must only have thin and crispy bases.
A spicy pizza has a spiciness that is hot.
A vegetarian pizza is any pizza that only has vegetarian toppings or no toppings.
A meaty pizza is any pizza that has at least 1 topping of meat.
A soho pizza is a sort of margherita pizza which has additional toppings of olives and parmesan cheese.
A non vegetarian pizza is any pizza that is not a vegetarian pizza.
The Sicilian pizza is a pizza that is originated in Italy.
Diavolo pizza is an interesting pizza which has hot spiced beef, pepperoni, mozzarella, tomato, green pepper, red onion and tabasco.
Pollo Forza Pizza is a fiery pizza which is made of chicken marinated in smoky chilli powder, garlic and dried chilli flakes.
Luhjuhman pizza is a pizza made with lamb, vegetables, and feta cheese.
The four seasons pizza is a pizza finished with olives.
A Quattro Formaggi pizza is a pizza which consists of a delicious blend of mozzarella cheese.
A gardiniera pizza is made with artichokes, mushrooms, red peppers, marinated santos tomatoes, leeks, olives, garlic oil, tomato and pesto base.
Caprina pizza is a pizza dough filled with goat cheese and served with homemade tomato marmalade.
Caprina Pizza has a very high-calorie content.
Sloppy giuseppe pizza is topped with mozzarella and parmesan and rich Bolognese ragu.
Pianta Pizza is topped with spinach, chestnut mushrooms, pine kernels and artichoke, and finished with rocket and extra virgin olive oil.
Frutti di Mare typically lacks cheese.
Frutti di Mare is made with the seafood being served atop a tomato sauce.
The Prince Carlo pizza is a pizza which contains among other ingredients, leeks and rosemary.
Pollo Ad Astra pizza is a kind of pizza that contains chicken, sweet peppadew peppers, cajun spices, garlic oil and red onions.