An input is any information that is provided to a process for its use.
Precision is the closeness of agreement between the value of an observation and the true value of the observed quality.
A feature is an abstraction of real world phenomena"ssn:FeatureOfInterest"new:Abstraction"ssn:Event"new:IsRelatedTo"IS_A
Maintenance schedule is the schedule of maintenance for a system or sensor in the specified conditions.
Sensing is a process that results in the estimation, or calculation, of the value of a phenomenon.
A sensing device is a device that implements sensing.
A stimulus is an event in the real world that triggers the sensor.
A system is a unit of abstraction for pieces of infrastructure for sensing.
The system lifetime is the total useful life of a sensor or system.
A property is an observable quality of an event or object.
Deployment is the ongoing process of entities deployed for a particular purpose.
Measurement capability collects together measurement properties and the environmental conditions in which those properties hold.
The battery lifetime is the total useful life of a battery.
A drift is a continuous or incremental change in the reported values of observations over time for an unchanging quality.
The deployment-related process is a place to group all the various processes related to deployment.
An observation value is the value of the result of an observation.
The sensor data sheet is an object that records properties of a sensor.
An observation is a situation in which a sensing method has been used to estimate or calculate a value of a property of a feature of interest.
A survival property is an identifiable characteristic that represents the extent of the sensors useful life.
A device is a physical piece of technology.
A device is a system in a box.
An output is any information that is reported from a process.
A platform is an entity to which other entities can be attached.
A sensor is any entity that can follow a sensing method.
A sensor is any entity which can observe some property of a feature of interest.
