Full Text:  An accident is something going wrong unexpectedly.  An address is a code and abstract concept expressing the fixed location of a home, business or other building on the earth's surface.  An airport is a facility where aircraft can take off and land.  An album is a collection of related audio tracks, released together to the public, usually commercially.  An alcoholic beverage is a drink containing ethanol.  Amusement park is the more generic term for a collection of rides and other entertainment attractions assembled for the purpose of entertaining a fairly large group of people. An archipelago is a landform which consists of a chain or cluster of islands.  An article is a stand-alone section of a larger written work.  A bank is an institution that provides financial service, particularly taking deposits and extending credit.  A beach or strand is a geological formation consisting of loose rock particles such as sand, gravel, shingle, pebbles, cobble, or even shell along the shoreline of a body of water.  A beverage is a drink specifically prepared for human consumption.  A book is a collection of sheets of paper, parchment or other material or datawith a piece of text written on them, bound together along one edge within covers.  In marketing, a brand is a collection of feelings toward an economic producer.  A bridge is a structure built to span a gorge, valley, road, railroad track, river, body of water, or any other physical obstacle.  Canals are man-made waterways, usually connecting existing lakes, rivers, or oceans.  A canyon or gorge is a deep valley often carved from the Earth by a river.  In politics, a capital is the principal city or town associated with its government.  A cave is a natural underground void large enough for an adult human to enter.  A channel is also the natural or man-made deeper course through a reef, bar, bay, or any shallow body of water.  A chemical compound is a chemical substance consisting of chemically bonded chemical elements, with a fixed ratio determining the composition.  A city is an urban area that is differentiated from a town, village, or hamlet by size, population density, importance, or legal status.  A concert is a live performance, usually of music, before an audience.  A continent is a large continuous landmass.  A contract is a "promise" or an "agreement" that is enforced or recognized by the law.  In political geography and international politics a country is a geographical territory.  A county is generally a sub-unit of regional self-government within a sovereign jurisdiction.  A currency is a unit of exchange, facilitating the transfer of goods and services.  A date in a calendar is a reference to a particular day by means of a calendar system.  A delta is the mouth of a river where it flows into an ocean, sea, desert or lake, building outwards from sediment carried by the river and deposited as the water current is dissipated.  In geography, a desert is a landscape form or region that receives little precipitation.  A disease is an abnormal condition of the body or mind that causes discomfort, dysfunction, or distress to the person afflicted or those in contact with the person.  A drug is any chemical substance, other than a food or device, that affects the function of living things.  Educational organization is organization within the scope of education.  An entity is something that has a distinct, separate existence, though it need not be a material existence.  An event is something that takes place - an occurrence and arbitrary point in time.  A festival or fest is an event, usually staged by a local community, which centers on some theme, sometimes on some unique aspect of the community.  A fjord is a narrow inlet of the sea between cliffs or steep slopes, which results from marine inundation of a glaciated valley.  A forest is an area with a high density of trees .  A galaxy is a huge gravitationally bound system of stars, interstellar gas and dust, plasma, and unseen dark matter.  A government is a body that has the authority to make and the power to enforce laws within a civil, corporate, religious, academic, or other organization or group.  A gulf or bay is a part of a lake or ocean that extends so that it is surrounded by land on three sides.  A harbor or harbour , or haven, is a place where ships may shelter from the weather or are stored.  In computer terms, a home page is the website an internet browser first visits when opened.  A hotel is an establishment that provides paid lodging, usually on a short-term basis.  An institute is a permanent organizational body created for a certain purpose.  An international organization is an organization of international scope or character.  An IP address is a unique number that devices use in order to identify and communicate with each other on a computer network utilizing the Internet Protocol standard .  An island or isle is any piece of land that is completely surrounded by water.  An isthmus is a narrow strip of land that is bordered on two sides by water and connects two larger land masses.  A lake is a body of water surrounded by land.  A language is a method of communication.  In geography, location is a position or point in physical space expressed relative to the position of another point or thing.  A magazine is a periodical publication containing a variety of articles, generally financed by advertising and/or purchase by readers.  A man is a male human, in contrast to an adult female, who is a woman.  A market is, as defined in economics, a social arrangement that allows buyers and sellers to discover information and carry out a voluntary exchange.  A Member of Parliament, or MP, is a representative elected by the voters of an electoral district to a parliament.  Message in its most general meaning is an object of communication.  A minister or a secretary is a politician who holds significant public office in a national or regional government.  A ministry is a department of a government, led by a minister.  The month is a unit of time, used with calendars, which is approximately as long as some natural period related to the motion of the Moon.  A monument is a statue, building, or other edifice created to commemorate a person or important event.  A mountain range is a group of mountains bordered by lowlands or separated from other mountain ranges by passes or rivers.  A mountain is a landform that extends above the surrounding terrain in a limited area.  Musical composition is an original piece of music.  A natural phenomenon is a non-artificial event in the physical sense, and therefore not produced by humans, although it may affect humans .  A natural satellite is a non-man-made object that orbits a planet or other body larger than itself.  A news agency is an organization of journalists established to supply news reports to organizations in the news trade: newspapers, magazines, and radio and television broadcasters.  A newspaper is a publication containing news and information and advertising, usually printed on low-cost paper called newsprint.  A number is an abstract entity that represents a count or measurement.  In geography, an oasis is an isolated area of vegetation in a desert, typically surrounding a spring or similar water source.  An oil field is an area with an abundance of oil wells extracting petroleum from below ground.  The Olympic Games, or Olympics, are an international multi-sport event taking place every four years and comprising summer and winter games.  An order, in business, is a stated intention, either verbal or in writing, to engage in a commercial transaction.  An organization or organisation is a formal group of people with one or more shared goals.  A parliament is a legislature, especially in those countries whose system of government is based on the Westminster system modelled after that of the United Kingdom.  A patent is a set of exclusive rights granted by a state to a person for a fixed period of time in exchange for the regulated, public disclosure of certain details of a device, method, process or composition of matter  which is new, inventive, and useful or industrially applicable.  A peninsula is a geographical formation consisting of an extension of land from a larger body, surrounded by water on three sides.  In geography, a plain is a large area of land with relatively low relief.  In geology and earth science, a plateau, also called a high plateau or tableland, is an area of highland, usually consisting of relatively flat open country if the uplift was recent in geologic history.  A political party is an organization that seeks to attain political power within a government, usually by participating in electoral campaigns.  A premier is an executive official of government.  A profession is an occupation that requires extensive training and the study and mastery of specialized knowledge, and usually has a professional association, ethical code and process of certification or licensing.  A project is a temporary endeavor undertaken to create a unique product or service.  A public company is a company owned by the public rather than by a relatively few individuals.  A radio station is an audio broadcasting service, traditionally broadcast through the air as radio waves from a transmitter to an antenna and a thus to a receiving device.  In nautical terminology, a reef is a rock, sandbar, or other feature lying beneath the surface of the water yet shallow enough to be a hazard to ships.  A reservoir is, most broadly, anything used for storage of large amounts of a liquid, which can be put into and drawn from the reservoir. A ridge is a geological feature that features a continuous elevational crest for some distance.  A river is a large natural waterway.  A role or a social role is a set of connected behaviours, rights and obligations as conceptualised by actors in a social situation.  A satellite is any object that orbits another object .  A season is one of the major divisions of the year, generally based on yearly periodic changes in weather.  A sea is a large expanse of saline water connected with an ocean, or a large, usually saline, lake that lacks a natural outlet such as the Caspian Sea and the Dead Sea.  In economics and marketing, a service is the non-material equivalent of a good.  A ship is a large, sea-going watercraft, usually with multiple decks.  A song is a relatively short musical composition for the human voice , which features words .  A spring is a point where groundwater flows out of the ground, and is thus where the aquifer surface meets the ground surface.  A modern stadium is a place, or venue, for outdoor sports, concerts or other events, consisting of a field or stage partly or completely surrounded by a structure designed to allow spectators to stand or sit and view the event.  A star is a massive, compact body of plasma in outer space that is currently producing or has produced energy through nuclear fusion.  A stock exchange or bourse is a corporation or mutual organization which provides facilities for stock brokers and traders, to trade company stocks and other securities.  A stream, brook, beck or creek, is a body of water with a detectable current, confined within a bed and banks.  A street is a public parcel of land adjoining buildings in an urban context, on which people may freely assemble, interact, and move about.  A time zone is a region of the Earth that has adopted the same standard time, usually referred to as the local time.  A tournament is a competition involving a relatively large number of competitors, all participating in a single sport or game.  A tower is a tall man-made structure, always taller than it is wide.  In physical geography, tundra is an area where the tree growth is hindered by low temperatures and short growing seasons.  A tunnel is an underground passage.  A university is an institution of higher education and research, which grants academic degrees at all levels in a variety of subjects.  A valley is a landform, which can range from a few square miles to hundreds or even thousands of square miles in area.  Vehicles are non-living means of transportation.  A volcano is a geological landform usually generated by the eruption through a vent in a planet's surface of magma, molten rock welling up from the planet's interior.  A waterfall is usually a geological formation resulting from water, often in the form of a stream, flowing over an erosion-resistant rock formation that forms a sudden break in elevation.  A web page or webpage is a resource on the World Wide Web, usually in HTML/XHTML format with hypertext links to enable navigation from one page or section to another.  A week is a unit of time longer than a day and shorter than a month.  A woman is an adult female human, as contrasted with a man , and a girl, . 
An accident is something going wrong unexpectedly .
An address is a code and abstract concept expressing the fixed location of a home , business or other building on the earth 's surface .
An airport is a facility where aircraft can take off and land .
An album is a collection of related audio tracks , released together to the public , usually commercially .
An alcoholic beverage is a drink containing ethanol .
Amusement park is the more generic term for a collection of rides and other entertainment attractions assembled for the purpose of entertaining a fairly large group of people .
An archipelago is a landform which consists of a chain or cluster of islands .
An article is a stand-alone section of a larger written work .
A bank is an institution that provides financial service , particularly taking deposits and extending credit .
A beach or strand is a geological formation consisting of loose rock particles such as sand , gravel , shingle , pebbles , cobble , or even shell along the shoreline of a body of water .
A beverage is a drink specifically prepared for human consumption .
A book is a collection of sheets of paper , parchment or other material or datawith a piece of text written on them , bound together along one edge within covers .
In marketing , a brand is a collection of feelings toward an economic producer .
A bridge is a structure built to span a gorge , valley , road , railroad track , river , body of water , or any other physical obstacle .
Canals are man-made waterways , usually connecting existing lakes , rivers , or oceans .
A canyon or gorge is a deep valley often carved from the Earth by a river .
In politics , a capital is the principal city or town associated with its government .
A cave is a natural underground void large enough for an adult human to enter .
A channel is also the natural or man-made deeper course through a reef , bar , bay , or any shallow body of water .
A chemical compound is a chemical substance consisting of chemically bonded chemical elements , with a fixed ratio determining the composition .
A city is an urban area that is differentiated from a town , village , or hamlet by size , population density , importance , or legal status .
A concert is a live performance , usually of music , before an audience .
A continent is a large continuous landmass .
A contract is a `` promise '' or an `` agreement '' that is enforced or recognized by the law .
In political geography and international politics a country is a geographical territory .
A county is generally a sub-unit of regional self-government within a sovereign jurisdiction .
A currency is a unit of exchange , facilitating the transfer of goods and services .
A date in a calendar is a reference to a particular day by means of a calendar system .
A delta is the mouth of a river where it flows into an ocean , sea , desert or lake , building outwards from sediment carried by the river and deposited as the water current is dissipated .
In geography , a desert is a landscape form or region that receives little precipitation .
A disease is an abnormal condition of the body or mind that causes discomfort , dysfunction , or distress to the person afflicted or those in contact with the person .
A drug is any chemical substance , other than a food or device , that affects the function of living things .
Educational organization is organization within the scope of education .
An entity is something that has a distinct , separate existence , though it need not be a material existence .
An event is something that takes place - an occurrence and arbitrary point in time .
A festival or fest is an event , usually staged by a local community , which centers on some theme , sometimes on some unique aspect of the community .
A fjord is a narrow inlet of the sea between cliffs or steep slopes , which results from marine inundation of a glaciated valley .
A forest is an area with a high density of trees .
A galaxy is a huge gravitationally bound system of stars , interstellar gas and dust , plasma , and unseen dark matter .
A government is a body that has the authority to make and the power to enforce laws within a civil , corporate , religious , academic , or other organization or group .
A gulf or bay is a part of a lake or ocean that extends so that it is surrounded by land on three sides .
A harbor or harbour , or haven , is a place where ships may shelter from the weather or are stored .
In computer terms , a home page is the website an internet browser first visits when opened .
A hotel is an establishment that provides paid lodging , usually on a short-term basis .
An institute is a permanent organizational body created for a certain purpose .
An international organization is an organization of international scope or character .
An IP address is a unique number that devices use in order to identify and communicate with each other on a computer network utilizing the Internet Protocol standard .
An island or isle is any piece of land that is completely surrounded by water .
An isthmus is a narrow strip of land that is bordered on two sides by water and connects two larger land masses .
A lake is a body of water surrounded by land .
A language is a method of communication .
In geography , location is a position or point in physical space expressed relative to the position of another point or thing .
A magazine is a periodical publication containing a variety of articles , generally financed by advertising and/or purchase by readers .
A man is a male human , in contrast to an adult female , who is a woman .
A market is , as defined in economics , a social arrangement that allows buyers and sellers to discover information and carry out a voluntary exchange .
A Member of Parliament , or MP , is a representative elected by the voters of an electoral district to a parliament .
Message in its most general meaning is an object of communication .
A minister or a secretary is a politician who holds significant public office in a national or regional government .
A ministry is a department of a government , led by a minister .
The month is a unit of time , used with calendars , which is approximately as long as some natural period related to the motion of the Moon .
A monument is a statue , building , or other edifice created to commemorate a person or important event .
A mountain range is a group of mountains bordered by lowlands or separated from other mountain ranges by passes or rivers .
A mountain is a landform that extends above the surrounding terrain in a limited area .
Musical composition is an original piece of music .
A natural phenomenon is a non-artificial event in the physical sense , and therefore not produced by humans , although it may affect humans .
A natural satellite is a non-man-made object that orbits a planet or other body larger than itself .
A news agency is an organization of journalists established to supply news reports to organizations in the news trade : newspapers , magazines , and radio and television broadcasters .
A newspaper is a publication containing news and information and advertising , usually printed on low-cost paper called newsprint .
A number is an abstract entity that represents a count or measurement .
In geography , an oasis is an isolated area of vegetation in a desert , typically surrounding a spring or similar water source .
An oil field is an area with an abundance of oil wells extracting petroleum from below ground .
The Olympic Games , or Olympics , are an international multi-sport event taking place every four years and comprising summer and winter games .
An order , in business , is a stated intention , either verbal or in writing , to engage in a commercial transaction .
An organization or organisation is a formal group of people with one or more shared goals .
A parliament is a legislature , especially in those countries whose system of government is based on the Westminster system modelled after that of the United Kingdom .
A patent is a set of exclusive rights granted by a state to a person for a fixed period of time in exchange for the regulated , public disclosure of certain details of a device , method , process or composition of matter which is new , inventive , and useful or industrially applicable .
A peninsula is a geographical formation consisting of an extension of land from a larger body , surrounded by water on three sides .
In geography , a plain is a large area of land with relatively low relief .
In geology and earth science , a plateau , also called a high plateau or tableland , is an area of highland , usually consisting of relatively flat open country if the uplift was recent in geologic history .
A political party is an organization that seeks to attain political power within a government , usually by participating in electoral campaigns .
A premier is an executive official of government .
A profession is an occupation that requires extensive training and the study and mastery of specialized knowledge , and usually has a professional association , ethical code and process of certification or licensing .
A project is a temporary endeavor undertaken to create a unique product or service .
A public company is a company owned by the public rather than by a relatively few individuals .
A radio station is an audio broadcasting service , traditionally broadcast through the air as radio waves from a transmitter to an antenna and a thus to a receiving device .
In nautical terminology , a reef is a rock , sandbar , or other feature lying beneath the surface of the water yet shallow enough to be a hazard to ships .
A reservoir is , most broadly , anything used for storage of large amounts of a liquid , which can be put into and drawn from the reservoir .
A ridge is a geological feature that features a continuous elevational crest for some distance .
A river is a large natural waterway .
A role or a social role is a set of connected behaviours , rights and obligations as conceptualised by actors in a social situation .
A satellite is any object that orbits another object .
A season is one of the major divisions of the year , generally based on yearly periodic changes in weather .
A sea is a large expanse of saline water connected with an ocean , or a large , usually saline , lake that lacks a natural outlet such as the Caspian Sea and the Dead Sea .
In economics and marketing , a service is the non-material equivalent of a good .
A ship is a large , sea-going watercraft , usually with multiple decks .
A song is a relatively short musical composition for the human voice , which features words .
A spring is a point where groundwater flows out of the ground , and is thus where the aquifer surface meets the ground surface .
A modern stadium is a place , or venue , for outdoor sports , concerts or other events , consisting of a field or stage partly or completely surrounded by a structure designed to allow spectators to stand or sit and view the event .
A star is a massive , compact body of plasma in outer space that is currently producing or has produced energy through nuclear fusion .
A stock exchange or bourse is a corporation or mutual organization which provides facilities for stock brokers and traders , to trade company stocks and other securities .
A stream , brook , beck or creek , is a body of water with a detectable current , confined within a bed and banks .
A street is a public parcel of land adjoining buildings in an urban context , on which people may freely assemble , interact , and move about .
A time zone is a region of the Earth that has adopted the same standard time , usually referred to as the local time .
A tournament is a competition involving a relatively large number of competitors , all participating in a single sport or game .
A tower is a tall man-made structure , always taller than it is wide .
In physical geography , tundra is an area where the tree growth is hindered by low temperatures and short growing seasons .
A tunnel is an underground passage .
A university is an institution of higher education and research , which grants academic degrees at all levels in a variety of subjects .
A valley is a landform , which can range from a few square miles to hundreds or even thousands of square miles in area .
Vehicles are non-living means of transportation .
A volcano is a geological landform usually generated by the eruption through a vent in a planet 's surface of magma , molten rock welling up from the planet 's interior .
A waterfall is usually a geological formation resulting from water , often in the form of a stream , flowing over an erosion-resistant rock formation that forms a sudden break in elevation .
A web page or webpage is a resource on the World Wide Web , usually in HTML/XHTML format with hypertext links to enable navigation from one page or section to another .
A week is a unit of time longer than a day and shorter than a month .
A woman is an adult female human , as contrasted with a man , and a girl , .
Invalid ACE Text: An accident is something going wrong unexpectedly .
Invalid ACE Text: An address is a code and abstract concept expressing the fixed location of a home , business or other building on the earth 's surface .
Invalid ACE Text: An airport is a facility where aircraft can take off and land .
Invalid ACE Text: An album is a collection of related audio tracks , released together to the public , usually commercially .
Invalid ACE Text: An alcoholic beverage is a drink containing ethanol .
Invalid ACE Text: Amusement park is the more generic term for a collection of rides and other entertainment attractions assembled for the purpose of entertaining a fairly large group of people .
Invalid ACE Text: An archipelago is a landform which consists of a chain or cluster of islands .
Invalid ACE Text: An article is a stand-alone section of a larger written work .
Invalid ACE Text: A bank is an institution that provides financial service , particularly taking deposits and extending credit .
Invalid ACE Text: A beach or strand is a geological formation consisting of loose rock particles such as sand , gravel , shingle , pebbles , cobble , or even shell along the shoreline of a body of water .
Invalid ACE Text: A beverage is a drink specifically prepared for human consumption .
Invalid ACE Text: A book is a collection of sheets of paper , parchment or other material or datawith a piece of text written on them , bound together along one edge within covers .
Invalid ACE Text: In marketing , a brand is a collection of feelings toward an economic producer .
Invalid ACE Text: A bridge is a structure built to span a gorge , valley , road , railroad track , river , body of water , or any other physical obstacle .
Invalid ACE Text: Canals are man-made waterways , usually connecting existing lakes , rivers , or oceans .
Invalid ACE Text: A canyon or gorge is a deep valley often carved from the Earth by a river .
Invalid ACE Text: In politics , a capital is the principal city or town associated with its government .
Invalid ACE Text: A cave is a natural underground void large enough for an adult human to enter .
Invalid ACE Text: A channel is also the natural or man-made deeper course through a reef , bar , bay , or any shallow body of water .
Invalid ACE Text: A chemical compound is a chemical substance consisting of chemically bonded chemical elements , with a fixed ratio determining the composition .
Invalid ACE Text: A city is an urban area that is differentiated from a town , village , or hamlet by size , population density , importance , or legal status .
Invalid ACE Text: A concert is a live performance , usually of music , before an audience .
Invalid ACE Text: A continent is a large continuous landmass .
Invalid ACE Text: A contract is a `` promise '' or an `` agreement '' that is enforced or recognized by the law .
Invalid ACE Text: In political geography and international politics a country is a geographical territory .
Invalid ACE Text: A county is generally a sub-unit of regional self-government within a sovereign jurisdiction .
Invalid ACE Text: A currency is a unit of exchange , facilitating the transfer of goods and services .
Invalid ACE Text: A date in a calendar is a reference to a particular day by means of a calendar system .
Invalid ACE Text: A delta is the mouth of a river where it flows into an ocean , sea , desert or lake , building outwards from sediment carried by the river and deposited as the water current is dissipated .
Invalid ACE Text: In geography , a desert is a landscape form or region that receives little precipitation .
Invalid ACE Text: A disease is an abnormal condition of the body or mind that causes discomfort , dysfunction , or distress to the person afflicted or those in contact with the person .
Invalid ACE Text: A drug is any chemical substance , other than a food or device , that affects the function of living things .
Invalid ACE Text: Educational organization is organization within the scope of education .
Invalid ACE Text: An entity is something that has a distinct , separate existence , though it need not be a material existence .
Invalid ACE Text: An event is something that takes place - an occurrence and arbitrary point in time .
Invalid ACE Text: A festival or fest is an event , usually staged by a local community , which centers on some theme , sometimes on some unique aspect of the community .
Invalid ACE Text: A fjord is a narrow inlet of the sea between cliffs or steep slopes , which results from marine inundation of a glaciated valley .
Invalid ACE Text: A forest is an area with a high density of trees .
Invalid ACE Text: A galaxy is a huge gravitationally bound system of stars , interstellar gas and dust , plasma , and unseen dark matter .
Invalid ACE Text: A government is a body that has the authority to make and the power to enforce laws within a civil , corporate , religious , academic , or other organization or group .
Invalid ACE Text: A gulf or bay is a part of a lake or ocean that extends so that it is surrounded by land on three sides .
Invalid ACE Text: A harbor or harbour , or haven , is a place where ships may shelter from the weather or are stored .
Invalid ACE Text: In computer terms , a home page is the website an internet browser first visits when opened .
Invalid ACE Text: A hotel is an establishment that provides paid lodging , usually on a short-term basis .
Invalid ACE Text: An institute is a permanent organizational body created for a certain purpose .
Invalid ACE Text: An international organization is an organization of international scope or character .
Invalid ACE Text: An IP address is a unique number that devices use in order to identify and communicate with each other on a computer network utilizing the Internet Protocol standard .
Invalid ACE Text: An island or isle is any piece of land that is completely surrounded by water .
Invalid ACE Text: An isthmus is a narrow strip of land that is bordered on two sides by water and connects two larger land masses .
Invalid ACE Text: A lake is a body of water surrounded by land .
Invalid ACE Text: A language is a method of communication .
Invalid ACE Text: In geography , location is a position or point in physical space expressed relative to the position of another point or thing .
Invalid ACE Text: A magazine is a periodical publication containing a variety of articles , generally financed by advertising and/or purchase by readers .
Invalid ACE Text: A man is a male human , in contrast to an adult female , who is a woman .
Invalid ACE Text: A market is , as defined in economics , a social arrangement that allows buyers and sellers to discover information and carry out a voluntary exchange .
Invalid ACE Text: A Member of Parliament , or MP , is a representative elected by the voters of an electoral district to a parliament .
Invalid ACE Text: Message in its most general meaning is an object of communication .
Invalid ACE Text: A minister or a secretary is a politician who holds significant public office in a national or regional government .
Invalid ACE Text: A ministry is a department of a government , led by a minister .
Invalid ACE Text: The month is a unit of time , used with calendars , which is approximately as long as some natural period related to the motion of the Moon .
Invalid ACE Text: A monument is a statue , building , or other edifice created to commemorate a person or important event .
Invalid ACE Text: A mountain range is a group of mountains bordered by lowlands or separated from other mountain ranges by passes or rivers .
Invalid ACE Text: A mountain is a landform that extends above the surrounding terrain in a limited area .
Invalid ACE Text: Musical composition is an original piece of music .
Invalid ACE Text: A natural phenomenon is a non-artificial event in the physical sense , and therefore not produced by humans , although it may affect humans .
Invalid ACE Text: A natural satellite is a non-man-made object that orbits a planet or other body larger than itself .
Invalid ACE Text: A news agency is an organization of journalists established to supply news reports to organizations in the news trade : newspapers , magazines , and radio and television broadcasters .
Invalid ACE Text: A newspaper is a publication containing news and information and advertising , usually printed on low-cost paper called newsprint .
Invalid ACE Text: A number is an abstract entity that represents a count or measurement .
Invalid ACE Text: In geography , an oasis is an isolated area of vegetation in a desert , typically surrounding a spring or similar water source .
Invalid ACE Text: An oil field is an area with an abundance of oil wells extracting petroleum from below ground .
Invalid ACE Text: The Olympic Games , or Olympics , are an international multi-sport event taking place every four years and comprising summer and winter games .
Invalid ACE Text: An order , in business , is a stated intention , either verbal or in writing , to engage in a commercial transaction .
Invalid ACE Text: An organization or organisation is a formal group of people with one or more shared goals .
Invalid ACE Text: A parliament is a legislature , especially in those countries whose system of government is based on the Westminster system modelled after that of the United Kingdom .
Invalid ACE Text: A patent is a set of exclusive rights granted by a state to a person for a fixed period of time in exchange for the regulated , public disclosure of certain details of a device , method , process or composition of matter which is new , inventive , and useful or industrially applicable .
Invalid ACE Text: A peninsula is a geographical formation consisting of an extension of land from a larger body , surrounded by water on three sides .
Invalid ACE Text: In geography , a plain is a large area of land with relatively low relief .
Invalid ACE Text: In geology and earth science , a plateau , also called a high plateau or tableland , is an area of highland , usually consisting of relatively flat open country if the uplift was recent in geologic history .
Invalid ACE Text: A political party is an organization that seeks to attain political power within a government , usually by participating in electoral campaigns .
Invalid ACE Text: A premier is an executive official of government .
Invalid ACE Text: A profession is an occupation that requires extensive training and the study and mastery of specialized knowledge , and usually has a professional association , ethical code and process of certification or licensing .
Invalid ACE Text: A project is a temporary endeavor undertaken to create a unique product or service .
Invalid ACE Text: A public company is a company owned by the public rather than by a relatively few individuals .
Invalid ACE Text: A radio station is an audio broadcasting service , traditionally broadcast through the air as radio waves from a transmitter to an antenna and a thus to a receiving device .
Invalid ACE Text: In nautical terminology , a reef is a rock , sandbar , or other feature lying beneath the surface of the water yet shallow enough to be a hazard to ships .
Invalid ACE Text: A reservoir is , most broadly , anything used for storage of large amounts of a liquid , which can be put into and drawn from the reservoir .
Invalid ACE Text: A ridge is a geological feature that features a continuous elevational crest for some distance .
Invalid ACE Text: A river is a large natural waterway .
Invalid ACE Text: A role or a social role is a set of connected behaviours , rights and obligations as conceptualised by actors in a social situation .
Invalid ACE Text: A satellite is any object that orbits another object .
Invalid ACE Text: A season is one of the major divisions of the year , generally based on yearly periodic changes in weather .
Invalid ACE Text: A sea is a large expanse of saline water connected with an ocean , or a large , usually saline , lake that lacks a natural outlet such as the Caspian Sea and the Dead Sea .
Invalid ACE Text: In economics and marketing , a service is the non-material equivalent of a good .
Invalid ACE Text: A ship is a large , sea-going watercraft , usually with multiple decks .
Invalid ACE Text: A song is a relatively short musical composition for the human voice , which features words .
Invalid ACE Text: A spring is a point where groundwater flows out of the ground , and is thus where the aquifer surface meets the ground surface .
Invalid ACE Text: A modern stadium is a place , or venue , for outdoor sports , concerts or other events , consisting of a field or stage partly or completely surrounded by a structure designed to allow spectators to stand or sit and view the event .
Invalid ACE Text: A star is a massive , compact body of plasma in outer space that is currently producing or has produced energy through nuclear fusion .
Invalid ACE Text: A stock exchange or bourse is a corporation or mutual organization which provides facilities for stock brokers and traders , to trade company stocks and other securities .
Invalid ACE Text: A stream , brook , beck or creek , is a body of water with a detectable current , confined within a bed and banks .
Invalid ACE Text: A street is a public parcel of land adjoining buildings in an urban context , on which people may freely assemble , interact , and move about .
Invalid ACE Text: A time zone is a region of the Earth that has adopted the same standard time , usually referred to as the local time .
Invalid ACE Text: A tournament is a competition involving a relatively large number of competitors , all participating in a single sport or game .
Invalid ACE Text: A tower is a tall man-made structure , always taller than it is wide .
Invalid ACE Text: In physical geography , tundra is an area where the tree growth is hindered by low temperatures and short growing seasons .
VALID ACE Text: A tunnel is an underground passage .
Invalid ACE Text: A university is an institution of higher education and research , which grants academic degrees at all levels in a variety of subjects .
Invalid ACE Text: A valley is a landform , which can range from a few square miles to hundreds or even thousands of square miles in area .
Invalid ACE Text: Vehicles are non-living means of transportation .
Invalid ACE Text: A volcano is a geological landform usually generated by the eruption through a vent in a planet 's surface of magma , molten rock welling up from the planet 's interior .
Invalid ACE Text: A waterfall is usually a geological formation resulting from water , often in the form of a stream , flowing over an erosion-resistant rock formation that forms a sudden break in elevation .
Invalid ACE Text: A web page or webpage is a resource on the World Wide Web , usually in HTML/XHTML format with hypertext links to enable navigation from one page or section to another .
Invalid ACE Text: A week is a unit of time longer than a day and shorter than a month .
Invalid ACE Text: A woman is an adult female human , as contrasted with a man , and a girl , .

        Total sentences:115
    Valid ACE sentences:  1
  Invalid ACE sentences:114
