Full Text:  An input is any information that is provided to a process for its use. Precision is the closeness of agreement between the value of an observation and the true value of the observed quality. A feature is an abstraction of real world phenomena. Maintenance schedule is the schedule of maintenance for a system or sensor in the specified conditions. Sensing is a process that results in the estimation, or calculation, of the value of a phenomenon. A sensing device is a device that implements sensing. A stimulus is an event in the real world that triggers the sensor. A system is a unit of abstraction for pieces of infrastructure for sensing. The system lifetime is the total useful life of a sensor or system. A property is an observable quality of an event or object. Deployment is the ongoing process of entities deployed for a particular purpose. Measurement capability collects together measurement properties and the environmental conditions in which those properties hold. The battery lifetime is the total useful life of a battery. A drift is a continuous or incremental change in the reported values of observations over time for an unchanging quality. The deployment-related process is a place to group all the various processes related to deployment. An observation value is the value of the result of an observation. The sensor data sheet is an object that records properties of a sensor. An observation is a situation in which a sensing method has been used to estimate or calculate a value of a property of a feature of interest. A survival property is an identifiable characteristic that represents the extent of the sensors useful life. A device is a physical piece of technology. A device is a system in a box. An output is any information that is reported from a process. A platform is an entity to which other entities can be attached. A sensor is any entity that can follow a sensing method. A sensor is any entity which can observe some property of a feature of interest.
An input is any information that is provided to a process for its use .
Precision is the closeness of agreement between the value of an observation and the true value of the observed quality .
A feature is an abstraction of real world phenomena .
Maintenance schedule is the schedule of maintenance for a system or sensor in the specified conditions .
Sensing is a process that results in the estimation , or calculation , of the value of a phenomenon .
A sensing device is a device that implements sensing .
A stimulus is an event in the real world that triggers the sensor .
A system is a unit of abstraction for pieces of infrastructure for sensing .
The system lifetime is the total useful life of a sensor or system .
A property is an observable quality of an event or object .
Deployment is the ongoing process of entities deployed for a particular purpose .
Measurement capability collects together measurement properties and the environmental conditions in which those properties hold .
The battery lifetime is the total useful life of a battery .
A drift is a continuous or incremental change in the reported values of observations over time for an unchanging quality .
The deployment-related process is a place to group all the various processes related to deployment .
An observation value is the value of the result of an observation .
The sensor data sheet is an object that records properties of a sensor .
An observation is a situation in which a sensing method has been used to estimate or calculate a value of a property of a feature of interest .
A survival property is an identifiable characteristic that represents the extent of the sensors useful life .
A device is a physical piece of technology .
A device is a system in a box .
An output is any information that is reported from a process .
A platform is an entity to which other entities can be attached .
A sensor is any entity that can follow a sensing method .
A sensor is any entity which can observe some property of a feature of interest .
Invalid ACE Text: An input is any information that is provided to a process for its use .
Invalid ACE Text: Precision is the closeness of agreement between the value of an observation and the true value of the observed quality .
Invalid ACE Text: A feature is an abstraction of real world phenomena .
Invalid ACE Text: Maintenance schedule is the schedule of maintenance for a system or sensor in the specified conditions .
Invalid ACE Text: Sensing is a process that results in the estimation , or calculation , of the value of a phenomenon .
Invalid ACE Text: A sensing device is a device that implements sensing .
Invalid ACE Text: A stimulus is an event in the real world that triggers the sensor .
Invalid ACE Text: A system is a unit of abstraction for pieces of infrastructure for sensing .
Invalid ACE Text: The system lifetime is the total useful life of a sensor or system .
Invalid ACE Text: A property is an observable quality of an event or object .
Invalid ACE Text: Deployment is the ongoing process of entities deployed for a particular purpose .
Invalid ACE Text: Measurement capability collects together measurement properties and the environmental conditions in which those properties hold .
Invalid ACE Text: The battery lifetime is the total useful life of a battery .
Invalid ACE Text: A drift is a continuous or incremental change in the reported values of observations over time for an unchanging quality .
Invalid ACE Text: The deployment-related process is a place to group all the various processes related to deployment .
Invalid ACE Text: An observation value is the value of the result of an observation .
Invalid ACE Text: The sensor data sheet is an object that records properties of a sensor .
Invalid ACE Text: An observation is a situation in which a sensing method has been used to estimate or calculate a value of a property of a feature of interest .
Invalid ACE Text: A survival property is an identifiable characteristic that represents the extent of the sensors useful life .
Invalid ACE Text: A device is a physical piece of technology .
Invalid ACE Text: A device is a system in a box .
Invalid ACE Text: An output is any information that is reported from a process .
Invalid ACE Text: A platform is an entity to which other entities can be attached .
Invalid ACE Text: A sensor is any entity that can follow a sensing method .
Invalid ACE Text: A sensor is any entity which can observe some property of a feature of interest .

        Total sentences: 25
    Valid ACE sentences:  0
  Invalid ACE sentences: 25
