Full Text:  The cartilage tissue is a skeletal tissue that is avascular, rich in glycosaminoglycans and typically includes chondrocytes within isolated lacunae. A non-mineralized hyaline cartilage tissue is a hyaline cartilage tissue that is not mineralized. Pectoral fin is a paired fin that is located in the thoracic region of the body. Intramembranous ossification is a direct ossification that occurs within mesenchyme or an accumulation of relatively unspecialized cells. A direct ossification is an ossification that does not require the replacement of pre-existing tissues. Organism subdivision is an anatomical structure which is a primary subdivision of whole organism. A precementoblast is a skeletogenic cell that has the potential to develop into a cementoblast. A cementoblast is a skeletogenic cell that produces cementum and is part of the odontogenic papilla and develops from a precementoblast cell. A solid compound organ is a compound organ that does not contain macroscopic anatomical spaces. A terminally differentiated odontoblast is an odontoblast that is terminally differentiated and derived from an odontogenic papilla and associated with dentine. A cell space is an anatomical space that is part of a cell. Axial skeleton is a skeletal subdivision of the central body axis including the cranium, vertebrae, notochord, ribs, and sternum. An embryonic structure is an anatomical structure that is part of the embryo and is comprised of portions of tissue or cells. Orthodentine is a odontoid tissue that typically contains tubules and is acellular. Anal fin lepidotrichium is a lepidotrichium that is part of the anal fin skeleton. Axial ossicle is an ossicle that is part of the axial skeleton. A gonochoristic organism is a multi-cellular organism that has male and female sexes. Integument is the surface structure that is the outer protective covering of the body. An endochondral ossification is a replacement ossification wherein bone tissue replaces cartilage. Craniofacial skeleton is a cranial skeleton derived from neural crest cells. Caudal fin lepidotrichium is a lepidotrichium that is part of the caudal fin skeleton. A cell component is an anatomical structure that is a direct part of the cell. Oropharyngeal papilla is an odontogenic papilla located along the jaws or pharyngeal skeleton. A male organism is a gonochoristic organism that can produce male gametes. The mesodermal cell is a cell of the middle germ layer of the embryo.
The cartilage tissue is a skeletal tissue that is avascular , rich in glycosaminoglycans and typically includes chondrocytes within isolated lacunae .
A non-mineralized hyaline cartilage tissue is a hyaline cartilage tissue that is not mineralized .
Pectoral fin is a paired fin that is located in the thoracic region of the body .
Intramembranous ossification is a direct ossification that occurs within mesenchyme or an accumulation of relatively unspecialized cells .
A direct ossification is an ossification that does not require the replacement of pre-existing tissues .
Organism subdivision is an anatomical structure which is a primary subdivision of whole organism .
A precementoblast is a skeletogenic cell that has the potential to develop into a cementoblast .
A cementoblast is a skeletogenic cell that produces cementum and is part of the odontogenic papilla and develops from a precementoblast cell .
A solid compound organ is a compound organ that does not contain macroscopic anatomical spaces .
A terminally differentiated odontoblast is an odontoblast that is terminally differentiated and derived from an odontogenic papilla and associated with dentine .
A cell space is an anatomical space that is part of a cell .
Axial skeleton is a skeletal subdivision of the central body axis including the cranium , vertebrae , notochord , ribs , and sternum .
An embryonic structure is an anatomical structure that is part of the embryo and is comprised of portions of tissue or cells .
Orthodentine is a odontoid tissue that typically contains tubules and is acellular .
Anal fin lepidotrichium is a lepidotrichium that is part of the anal fin skeleton .
Axial ossicle is an ossicle that is part of the axial skeleton .
A gonochoristic organism is a multi-cellular organism that has male and female sexes .
Integument is the surface structure that is the outer protective covering of the body .
An endochondral ossification is a replacement ossification wherein bone tissue replaces cartilage .
Craniofacial skeleton is a cranial skeleton derived from neural crest cells .
Caudal fin lepidotrichium is a lepidotrichium that is part of the caudal fin skeleton .
A cell component is an anatomical structure that is a direct part of the cell .
Oropharyngeal papilla is an odontogenic papilla located along the jaws or pharyngeal skeleton .
A male organism is a gonochoristic organism that can produce male gametes .
The mesodermal cell is a cell of the middle germ layer of the embryo .
Invalid ACE Text: The cartilage tissue is a skeletal tissue that is avascular , rich in glycosaminoglycans and typically includes chondrocytes within isolated lacunae .
Invalid ACE Text: A non-mineralized hyaline cartilage tissue is a hyaline cartilage tissue that is not mineralized .
Invalid ACE Text: Pectoral fin is a paired fin that is located in the thoracic region of the body .
Invalid ACE Text: Intramembranous ossification is a direct ossification that occurs within mesenchyme or an accumulation of relatively unspecialized cells .
Invalid ACE Text: A direct ossification is an ossification that does not require the replacement of pre-existing tissues .
Invalid ACE Text: Organism subdivision is an anatomical structure which is a primary subdivision of whole organism .
Invalid ACE Text: A precementoblast is a skeletogenic cell that has the potential to develop into a cementoblast .
Invalid ACE Text: A cementoblast is a skeletogenic cell that produces cementum and is part of the odontogenic papilla and develops from a precementoblast cell .
Invalid ACE Text: A solid compound organ is a compound organ that does not contain macroscopic anatomical spaces .
Invalid ACE Text: A terminally differentiated odontoblast is an odontoblast that is terminally differentiated and derived from an odontogenic papilla and associated with dentine .
Invalid ACE Text: A cell space is an anatomical space that is part of a cell .
Invalid ACE Text: Axial skeleton is a skeletal subdivision of the central body axis including the cranium , vertebrae , notochord , ribs , and sternum .
Invalid ACE Text: An embryonic structure is an anatomical structure that is part of the embryo and is comprised of portions of tissue or cells .
Invalid ACE Text: Orthodentine is a odontoid tissue that typically contains tubules and is acellular .
Invalid ACE Text: Anal fin lepidotrichium is a lepidotrichium that is part of the anal fin skeleton .
Invalid ACE Text: Axial ossicle is an ossicle that is part of the axial skeleton .
Invalid ACE Text: A gonochoristic organism is a multi-cellular organism that has male and female sexes .
Invalid ACE Text: Integument is the surface structure that is the outer protective covering of the body .
Invalid ACE Text: An endochondral ossification is a replacement ossification wherein bone tissue replaces cartilage .
Invalid ACE Text: Craniofacial skeleton is a cranial skeleton derived from neural crest cells .
Invalid ACE Text: Caudal fin lepidotrichium is a lepidotrichium that is part of the caudal fin skeleton .
Invalid ACE Text: A cell component is an anatomical structure that is a direct part of the cell .
Invalid ACE Text: Oropharyngeal papilla is an odontogenic papilla located along the jaws or pharyngeal skeleton .
Invalid ACE Text: A male organism is a gonochoristic organism that can produce male gametes .
Invalid ACE Text: The mesodermal cell is a cell of the middle germ layer of the embryo .

        Total sentences: 25
    Valid ACE sentences:  0
  Invalid ACE sentences: 25
