Full Text:  The brain is an organ that serves as the center of the nervous system in all vertebrate and most invertebrate animals. Animals are multicellular, eukaryotic organisms of the kingdom Animalia (also called Metazoa). Publishing is the dissemination of literature, music, or information—the activity of making information available to the general public. Cattle—colloquially cows—are the most common type of large domesticated ungulates. A pet or companion animal is an animal kept primarily for a person's company or protection, as opposed to working animals, sport animals, livestock, and laboratory animals, which are kept primarily for performance, agricultural value, or research. In botany, a tree is a perennial plant with an elongated stem, or trunk, supporting branches and leaves in most species. The domestic dog (Canis lupus familiaris or Canis familiaris) is a member of genus Canis (canines) that forms part of the wolf-like canids, and is the most widely abundant carnivore. A truck (United States, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Puerto Rico and Pakistan; also called a lorry in the United Kingdom, Ireland, South Africa, Malaysia, Singapore, and India) is a motor vehicle designed to transport cargo. Vegetarianism /vɛdʒɪˈtɛəriənɪzəm/ is the practice of abstaining from the consumption of meat (red meat, poultry, seafood, and the flesh of any other animal), and may also include abstention from by-products of animal slaughter. In biology, offspring are the young born of living organisms, produced either by a single organism or, in the case of sexual reproduction, two organisms. Plants are mainly multicellular, predominantly photosynthetic eukaryotes of the kingdom Plantae. A van is a type of road vehicle used for transporting goods or people. The domestic cat (Latin: Felis catus) is a small, typically furry, carnivorous mammal. The tiger (Panthera tigris) is the largest cat species, most recognisable for their pattern of dark vertical stripes on reddish-orange fur with a lighter underside. The giraffe (Giraffa) is a genus of African even-toed ungulate mammals, the tallest living terrestrial animals and the largest ruminants. A leaf is an organ of a vascular plant and is the principal lateral appendage of the stem. A truck (United States, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Puerto Rico and Pakistan; also called a lorry in the United Kingdom, Ireland, South Africa, Malaysia, Singapore, and India) is a motor vehicle designed to transport cargo. Duck is the common name for a large number of species in the waterfowl family Anatidae, which also includes swans and geese. A man is a male human. A tabloid is a newspaper with a compact page size smaller than broadsheet. Driver may refer to a person engaged in driving. The sheep (Ovis aries) is a quadrupedal, ruminant mammal typically kept as livestock.  A woman is a female human; that is, of the species Homo sapiens. In botany, grass refers to the many species of plants in the family Poaceae. A male (♂) organism is the physiological sex that produces sperm. A Company is a legal entity made up of an association of people, be they natural, legal, or a mixture of both, for carrying on a commercial or industrial enterprise. Kid may refer to slang for a child, adolescent or young adult, especially a young man. Old age refers to ages nearing or surpassing the life expectancy of human beings, and is thus the end of the human life cycle. A bus (archaically also omnibus, multibus, motorbus, autobus) is a road vehicle designed to carry many passengers. A magazine is a publication, usually a periodical publication, which is printed or electronically published (sometimes referred to as an online magazine). A grownup is an adult. Female (♀) is the sex of an organism, or a part of an organism, that produces non-mobile ova (egg cells). A person is a being, such as a human, that has certain capacities or attributes constituting personhood, which in turn is defined differently by different authors in different disciplines, and by different cultures in different times and places. A car is a wheeled, self-powered motor vehicle used for transportation and a product of the automotive industry. A bicycle, often called a bike or cycle, is a human-powered, pedal-driven, single-track vehicle, having two wheels attached to a frame, one behind the other.  A vehicle (from Latin: vehiculum) is a mobile machine that transports people or cargo. Biologically, an adult is a human being or other organism that has reached sexual maturity.  A broadsheet is the largest newspaper format and is characterized by long vertical pages (typically 22 inches or 560 millimetres). A newspaper is a serial publication containing news about current events, other informative articles (listed below) about politics, sports, arts, and so on, and advertising. A bone is a rigid organ that constitutes part of the vertebrate skeleton.
The brain is an organ that serves as the center of the nervous system in all vertebrate and most invertebrate animals .
Animals are multicellular , eukaryotic organisms of the kingdom Animalia -LRB- also called Metazoa -RRB- .
Publishing is the dissemination of literature , music , or information -- the activity of making information available to the general public .
Cattle -- colloquially cows -- are the most common type of large domesticated ungulates .
A pet or companion animal is an animal kept primarily for a person 's company or protection , as opposed to working animals , sport animals , livestock , and laboratory animals , which are kept primarily for performance , agricultural value , or research .
In botany , a tree is a perennial plant with an elongated stem , or trunk , supporting branches and leaves in most species .
The domestic dog -LRB- Canis lupus familiaris or Canis familiaris -RRB- is a member of genus Canis -LRB- canines -RRB- that forms part of the wolf-like canids , and is the most widely abundant carnivore .
A truck -LRB- United States , Canada , Australia , New Zealand , Puerto Rico and Pakistan ; also called a lorry in the United Kingdom , Ireland , South Africa , Malaysia , Singapore , and India -RRB- is a motor vehicle designed to transport cargo .
Vegetarianism / vɛdʒɪˈtɛəriənɪzəm / is the practice of abstaining from the consumption of meat -LRB- red meat , poultry , seafood , and the flesh of any other animal -RRB- , and may also include abstention from by-products of animal slaughter .
In biology , offspring are the young born of living organisms , produced either by a single organism or , in the case of sexual reproduction , two organisms .
Plants are mainly multicellular , predominantly photosynthetic eukaryotes of the kingdom Plantae .
A van is a type of road vehicle used for transporting goods or people .
The domestic cat -LRB- Latin : Felis catus -RRB- is a small , typically furry , carnivorous mammal .
The tiger -LRB- Panthera tigris -RRB- is the largest cat species , most recognisable for their pattern of dark vertical stripes on reddish-orange fur with a lighter underside .
The giraffe -LRB- Giraffa -RRB- is a genus of African even-toed ungulate mammals , the tallest living terrestrial animals and the largest ruminants .
A leaf is an organ of a vascular plant and is the principal lateral appendage of the stem .
A truck -LRB- United States , Canada , Australia , New Zealand , Puerto Rico and Pakistan ; also called a lorry in the United Kingdom , Ireland , South Africa , Malaysia , Singapore , and India -RRB- is a motor vehicle designed to transport cargo .
Duck is the common name for a large number of species in the waterfowl family Anatidae , which also includes swans and geese .
A man is a male human .
A tabloid is a newspaper with a compact page size smaller than broadsheet .
Driver may refer to a person engaged in driving .
The sheep -LRB- Ovis aries -RRB- is a quadrupedal , ruminant mammal typically kept as livestock .
A woman is a female human ; that is , of the species Homo sapiens .
In botany , grass refers to the many species of plants in the family Poaceae .
A male -LRB- ♂ -RRB- organism is the physiological sex that produces sperm .
A Company is a legal entity made up of an association of people , be they natural , legal , or a mixture of both , for carrying on a commercial or industrial enterprise .
Kid may refer to slang for a child , adolescent or young adult , especially a young man .
Old age refers to ages nearing or surpassing the life expectancy of human beings , and is thus the end of the human life cycle .
A bus -LRB- archaically also omnibus , multibus , motorbus , autobus -RRB- is a road vehicle designed to carry many passengers .
A magazine is a publication , usually a periodical publication , which is printed or electronically published -LRB- sometimes referred to as an online magazine -RRB- .
A grownup is an adult .
Female -LRB- ♀ -RRB- is the sex of an organism , or a part of an organism , that produces non-mobile ova -LRB- egg cells -RRB- .
A person is a being , such as a human , that has certain capacities or attributes constituting personhood , which in turn is defined differently by different authors in different disciplines , and by different cultures in different times and places .
A car is a wheeled , self-powered motor vehicle used for transportation and a product of the automotive industry .
A bicycle , often called a bike or cycle , is a human-powered , pedal-driven , single-track vehicle , having two wheels attached to a frame , one behind the other .
A vehicle -LRB- from Latin : vehiculum -RRB- is a mobile machine that transports people or cargo .
Biologically , an adult is a human being or other organism that has reached sexual maturity .
A broadsheet is the largest newspaper format and is characterized by long vertical pages -LRB- typically 22 inches or 560 millimetres -RRB- .
A newspaper is a serial publication containing news about current events , other informative articles -LRB- listed below -RRB- about politics , sports , arts , and so on , and advertising .
A bone is a rigid organ that constitutes part of the vertebrate skeleton .
Invalid ACE Text: The brain is an organ that serves as the center of the nervous system in all vertebrate and most invertebrate animals .
Invalid ACE Text: Animals are multicellular , eukaryotic organisms of the kingdom Animalia -LRB- also called Metazoa -RRB- .
Invalid ACE Text: Publishing is the dissemination of literature , music , or information -- the activity of making information available to the general public .
Invalid ACE Text: Cattle -- colloquially cows -- are the most common type of large domesticated ungulates .
Invalid ACE Text: A pet or companion animal is an animal kept primarily for a person 's company or protection , as opposed to working animals , sport animals , livestock , and laboratory animals , which are kept primarily for performance , agricultural value , or research .
Invalid ACE Text: In botany , a tree is a perennial plant with an elongated stem , or trunk , supporting branches and leaves in most species .
Invalid ACE Text: The domestic dog -LRB- Canis lupus familiaris or Canis familiaris -RRB- is a member of genus Canis -LRB- canines -RRB- that forms part of the wolf-like canids , and is the most widely abundant carnivore .
Invalid ACE Text: A truck -LRB- United States , Canada , Australia , New Zealand , Puerto Rico and Pakistan ; also called a lorry in the United Kingdom , Ireland , South Africa , Malaysia , Singapore , and India -RRB- is a motor vehicle designed to transport cargo .
Invalid ACE Text: Vegetarianism / vɛdʒɪˈtɛəriənɪzəm / is the practice of abstaining from the consumption of meat -LRB- red meat , poultry , seafood , and the flesh of any other animal -RRB- , and may also include abstention from by-products of animal slaughter .
Invalid ACE Text: In biology , offspring are the young born of living organisms , produced either by a single organism or , in the case of sexual reproduction , two organisms .
Invalid ACE Text: Plants are mainly multicellular , predominantly photosynthetic eukaryotes of the kingdom Plantae .
Invalid ACE Text: A van is a type of road vehicle used for transporting goods or people .
Invalid ACE Text: The domestic cat -LRB- Latin : Felis catus -RRB- is a small , typically furry , carnivorous mammal .
Invalid ACE Text: The tiger -LRB- Panthera tigris -RRB- is the largest cat species , most recognisable for their pattern of dark vertical stripes on reddish-orange fur with a lighter underside .
Invalid ACE Text: The giraffe -LRB- Giraffa -RRB- is a genus of African even-toed ungulate mammals , the tallest living terrestrial animals and the largest ruminants .
Invalid ACE Text: A leaf is an organ of a vascular plant and is the principal lateral appendage of the stem .
Invalid ACE Text: A truck -LRB- United States , Canada , Australia , New Zealand , Puerto Rico and Pakistan ; also called a lorry in the United Kingdom , Ireland , South Africa , Malaysia , Singapore , and India -RRB- is a motor vehicle designed to transport cargo .
Invalid ACE Text: Duck is the common name for a large number of species in the waterfowl family Anatidae , which also includes swans and geese .
VALID ACE Text: A man is a male human .
Invalid ACE Text: A tabloid is a newspaper with a compact page size smaller than broadsheet .
Invalid ACE Text: Driver may refer to a person engaged in driving .
Invalid ACE Text: The sheep -LRB- Ovis aries -RRB- is a quadrupedal , ruminant mammal typically kept as livestock .
Invalid ACE Text: A woman is a female human ; that is , of the species Homo sapiens .
Invalid ACE Text: In botany , grass refers to the many species of plants in the family Poaceae .
Invalid ACE Text: A male -LRB- ♂ -RRB- organism is the physiological sex that produces sperm .
Invalid ACE Text: A Company is a legal entity made up of an association of people , be they natural , legal , or a mixture of both , for carrying on a commercial or industrial enterprise .
Invalid ACE Text: Kid may refer to slang for a child , adolescent or young adult , especially a young man .
Invalid ACE Text: Old age refers to ages nearing or surpassing the life expectancy of human beings , and is thus the end of the human life cycle .
Invalid ACE Text: A bus -LRB- archaically also omnibus , multibus , motorbus , autobus -RRB- is a road vehicle designed to carry many passengers .
Invalid ACE Text: A magazine is a publication , usually a periodical publication , which is printed or electronically published -LRB- sometimes referred to as an online magazine -RRB- .
Invalid ACE Text: A grownup is an adult .
Invalid ACE Text: Female -LRB- ♀ -RRB- is the sex of an organism , or a part of an organism , that produces non-mobile ova -LRB- egg cells -RRB- .
Invalid ACE Text: A person is a being , such as a human , that has certain capacities or attributes constituting personhood , which in turn is defined differently by different authors in different disciplines , and by different cultures in different times and places .
Invalid ACE Text: A car is a wheeled , self-powered motor vehicle used for transportation and a product of the automotive industry .
Invalid ACE Text: A bicycle , often called a bike or cycle , is a human-powered , pedal-driven , single-track vehicle , having two wheels attached to a frame , one behind the other .
Invalid ACE Text: A vehicle -LRB- from Latin : vehiculum -RRB- is a mobile machine that transports people or cargo .
Invalid ACE Text: Biologically , an adult is a human being or other organism that has reached sexual maturity .
Invalid ACE Text: A broadsheet is the largest newspaper format and is characterized by long vertical pages -LRB- typically 22 inches or 560 millimetres -RRB- .
Invalid ACE Text: A newspaper is a serial publication containing news about current events , other informative articles -LRB- listed below -RRB- about politics , sports , arts , and so on , and advertising .
Invalid ACE Text: A bone is a rigid organ that constitutes part of the vertebrate skeleton .

        Total sentences: 40
    Valid ACE sentences:  1
  Invalid ACE sentences: 39
