Full Text:  Every brain is that part of the central nervous system that includes all the higher nervous centers; enclosed within the skull; continuous with the spinal cord. Every animal is a living organism characterized by voluntary movement. Every publication is a copy of a printed work offered for distribution. Every cow is female of domestic cattle:. Every pet is a domesticated animal kept for companionship or amusement. Every tree is a tall perennial woody plant having a main trunk and branches forming a distinct elevated crown; includes both gymnosperms and angiosperms. Every dog is a member of the genus Canis (probably descended from the common wolf) that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times; occurs in many breeds. Every truck is an automotive vehicle suitable for hauling. Every vegetarian is eater of fruits and grains and nuts; someone who eats no meat or fish or (often) any animal products. Every young is any immature animal. Every plant is buildings for carrying on industrial labor. Every van is any creative group active in the innovation and application of new concepts and techniques in a given field (especially in the arts). Every cat is feline mammal usually having thick soft fur and no ability to roar: domestic cats; wildcats. Every tiger is a fierce or audacious person. Every giraffe is tallest living quadruped; having a spotted coat and small horns and very long neck and legs; of savannahs of tropical Africa. Every leaf is the main organ of photosynthesis and transpiration in higher plants. Every lorry is a large low horse. Every duck is small wild or domesticated web. Every man is an adult person who is male (as opposed to a woman). Every tabloid is sensationalist journalism. Every driver is the operator of a motor vehicle. Every sheep is woolly usually horned ruminant mammal related to the goat. Every woman is an adult female person (as opposed to a man). Every grass is narrow. Every male is an animal that produces gametes (spermatozoa) that can fertilize female gametes (ova). Every company is an institution created to conduct business. Every kid is a young person of either sex. Every elderly is people who are old collectively. Every bus is a vehicle carrying many passengers; used for public transport. Every magazine is a periodic publication containing pictures and stories and articles of interest to those who purchase it or subscribe to it. Every grownup is a fully developed person from maturity onward. Every female is an animal that produces gametes (ova) that can be fertilized by male gametes (spermatozoa). Every person is a human being. Every car is a motor vehicle with four wheels; usually propelled by an internal combustion engine. Every bicycle is a wheeled vehicle that has two wheels and is moved by foot pedals. Every vehicle is a conveyance that transports people or objects. Every adult is a fully developed person from maturity onward. Every broadsheet is an advertisement (usually printed on a page or in a leaflet) intended for wide distribution. Every newspaper is a daily or weekly publication on folded sheets; contains news and articles and advertisements. Every bone is rigid connective tissue that makes up the skeleton of vertebrates.
Every brain is that part of the central nervous system that includes all the higher nervous centers ; enclosed within the skull ; continuous with the spinal cord .
Every animal is a living organism characterized by voluntary movement .
Every publication is a copy of a printed work offered for distribution .
Every cow is female of domestic cattle : .
Every pet is a domesticated animal kept for companionship or amusement .
Every tree is a tall perennial woody plant having a main trunk and branches forming a distinct elevated crown ; includes both gymnosperms and angiosperms .
Every dog is a member of the genus Canis -LRB- probably descended from the common wolf -RRB- that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times ; occurs in many breeds .
Every truck is an automotive vehicle suitable for hauling .
Every vegetarian is eater of fruits and grains and nuts ; someone who eats no meat or fish or -LRB- often -RRB- any animal products .
Every young is any immature animal .
Every plant is buildings for carrying on industrial labor .
Every van is any creative group active in the innovation and application of new concepts and techniques in a given field -LRB- especially in the arts -RRB- .
Every cat is feline mammal usually having thick soft fur and no ability to roar : domestic cats ; wildcats .
Every tiger is a fierce or audacious person .
Every giraffe is tallest living quadruped ; having a spotted coat and small horns and very long neck and legs ; of savannahs of tropical Africa .
Every leaf is the main organ of photosynthesis and transpiration in higher plants .
Every lorry is a large low horse .
Every duck is small wild or domesticated web .
Every man is an adult person who is male -LRB- as opposed to a woman -RRB- .
Every tabloid is sensationalist journalism .
Every driver is the operator of a motor vehicle .
Every sheep is woolly usually horned ruminant mammal related to the goat .
Every woman is an adult female person -LRB- as opposed to a man -RRB- .
Every grass is narrow .
Every male is an animal that produces gametes -LRB- spermatozoa -RRB- that can fertilize female gametes -LRB- ova -RRB- .
Every company is an institution created to conduct business .
Every kid is a young person of either sex .
Every elderly is people who are old collectively .
Every bus is a vehicle carrying many passengers ; used for public transport .
Every magazine is a periodic publication containing pictures and stories and articles of interest to those who purchase it or subscribe to it .
Every grownup is a fully developed person from maturity onward .
Every female is an animal that produces gametes -LRB- ova -RRB- that can be fertilized by male gametes -LRB- spermatozoa -RRB- .
Every person is a human being .
Every car is a motor vehicle with four wheels ; usually propelled by an internal combustion engine .
Every bicycle is a wheeled vehicle that has two wheels and is moved by foot pedals .
Every vehicle is a conveyance that transports people or objects .
Every adult is a fully developed person from maturity onward .
Every broadsheet is an advertisement -LRB- usually printed on a page or in a leaflet -RRB- intended for wide distribution .
Every newspaper is a daily or weekly publication on folded sheets ; contains news and articles and advertisements .
Every bone is rigid connective tissue that makes up the skeleton of vertebrates .
Invalid ACE Text: Every brain is that part of the central nervous system that includes all the higher nervous centers ; enclosed within the skull ; continuous with the spinal cord .
Invalid ACE Text: Every animal is a living organism characterized by voluntary movement .
Invalid ACE Text: Every publication is a copy of a printed work offered for distribution .
Invalid ACE Text: Every cow is female of domestic cattle : .
Invalid ACE Text: Every pet is a domesticated animal kept for companionship or amusement .
Invalid ACE Text: Every tree is a tall perennial woody plant having a main trunk and branches forming a distinct elevated crown ; includes both gymnosperms and angiosperms .
Invalid ACE Text: Every dog is a member of the genus Canis -LRB- probably descended from the common wolf -RRB- that has been domesticated by man since prehistoric times ; occurs in many breeds .
Invalid ACE Text: Every truck is an automotive vehicle suitable for hauling .
Invalid ACE Text: Every vegetarian is eater of fruits and grains and nuts ; someone who eats no meat or fish or -LRB- often -RRB- any animal products .
Invalid ACE Text: Every young is any immature animal .
Invalid ACE Text: Every plant is buildings for carrying on industrial labor .
Invalid ACE Text: Every van is any creative group active in the innovation and application of new concepts and techniques in a given field -LRB- especially in the arts -RRB- .
Invalid ACE Text: Every cat is feline mammal usually having thick soft fur and no ability to roar : domestic cats ; wildcats .
Invalid ACE Text: Every tiger is a fierce or audacious person .
Invalid ACE Text: Every giraffe is tallest living quadruped ; having a spotted coat and small horns and very long neck and legs ; of savannahs of tropical Africa .
Invalid ACE Text: Every leaf is the main organ of photosynthesis and transpiration in higher plants .
Invalid ACE Text: Every lorry is a large low horse .
Invalid ACE Text: Every duck is small wild or domesticated web .
Invalid ACE Text: Every man is an adult person who is male -LRB- as opposed to a woman -RRB- .
Invalid ACE Text: Every tabloid is sensationalist journalism .
Invalid ACE Text: Every driver is the operator of a motor vehicle .
Invalid ACE Text: Every sheep is woolly usually horned ruminant mammal related to the goat .
Invalid ACE Text: Every woman is an adult female person -LRB- as opposed to a man -RRB- .
VALID ACE Text: Every grass is narrow .
Invalid ACE Text: Every male is an animal that produces gametes -LRB- spermatozoa -RRB- that can fertilize female gametes -LRB- ova -RRB- .
Invalid ACE Text: Every company is an institution created to conduct business .
Invalid ACE Text: Every kid is a young person of either sex .
Invalid ACE Text: Every elderly is people who are old collectively .
Invalid ACE Text: Every bus is a vehicle carrying many passengers ; used for public transport .
Invalid ACE Text: Every magazine is a periodic publication containing pictures and stories and articles of interest to those who purchase it or subscribe to it .
Invalid ACE Text: Every grownup is a fully developed person from maturity onward .
Invalid ACE Text: Every female is an animal that produces gametes -LRB- ova -RRB- that can be fertilized by male gametes -LRB- spermatozoa -RRB- .
VALID ACE Text: Every person is a human being .
Invalid ACE Text: Every car is a motor vehicle with four wheels ; usually propelled by an internal combustion engine .
Invalid ACE Text: Every bicycle is a wheeled vehicle that has two wheels and is moved by foot pedals .
Invalid ACE Text: Every vehicle is a conveyance that transports people or objects .
Invalid ACE Text: Every adult is a fully developed person from maturity onward .
Invalid ACE Text: Every broadsheet is an advertisement -LRB- usually printed on a page or in a leaflet -RRB- intended for wide distribution .
Invalid ACE Text: Every newspaper is a daily or weekly publication on folded sheets ; contains news and articles and advertisements .
Invalid ACE Text: Every bone is rigid connective tissue that makes up the skeleton of vertebrates .

        Total sentences: 40
    Valid ACE sentences:  2
  Invalid ACE sentences: 38
